Structure:
1. front end: JSP
2. back end: java (using servlet)
3. database: Mysql

Existing functions:
1. signup and login
2. running virtual machine
3. timeout function for stop virtual machine
4. running webbank
5. 4 different tokens in the webbank
6. get marks by submititng tokens
7. producing the personal report, showing the total grades and finished challenges\

How to modify the application and make extension:
for the website:
1. installing tomcat service
2. modifying the code of the website
3. ensuring all needed libraries are included (sometimes the libraries should also be put in the libs folder of tomcat)
4. producing .war file and deploying by putting it in the webapps folder

for new challenges in webbank or other application:
1. creating the new instance in AWS EC2
2. installing tomcat and Docker service
3. creating new docker images and running one container for the new application (if it is based on the web, I suggest to copy official tomcat image and then modify it. And remembering to bind the port of container)
4. After modifying the container, ensuring all the containers are stopped on the new instance.
5. creating new AMI on AWS EC2 by using the instance you modified
6. modifying the AMI ID in StartApp.java
7. modifying the individual_session.jsp and Selection.java to ensure the new challenges can be deployed correctly. And Making sure that the path of keyfile is correct on the server.

Current issues and potential improvements can be considered about:
1. Reducing the initializing time for getting publicDNS of new virtual machine
2. Fix the issue that webbank will work only after opening it 3 times (perhaps it related to initializing)
3. Considering about the Concurrency of timeout function and try to move it to back-end code rather than the front end. And maybe adding a clock visible to the users will be a better experience for the users
4. Finishing scoreboard function
5. adding authentication that the user can’t get to other pages before login
6. Using script to create the database dynamically
7. adding the score read from database rather than directly add 5
8. considering about how to configure the docker service automatically
 
 
 
